Update README.md (#5827)
medic/medic: README.md

  - [License](#license)

## Overview

The CHT's Core Framework is a software architecture that makes it faster to build full-featured, scalable digital health apps that equip health workers to provide better care in their communities. To learn more about building an application with the Core Framework, visit our guide for [developing community health apps](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/blob/master/configuration/developing-community-health-applications.md). 

The Core Framework addresses complexities like health system roles and reporting hierarchies, and its features are flexible enough to support a range of health programs and local care provider workflows.  

Mobile and web applications built with the Core Framework support a team-based approach to healthcare delivery and management. Health workers can use SMS messages or mobile applications to submit health data that can then be viewed and exported using a web application. These web applications are fully responsive with a mobile-first design, and support localization using any written language. They can be installed locally or in the cloud by setting up the individual components or as a Docker container. 

> Currently, the latest versions of Chrome, Chrome for Android and Firefox are functionally supported. We do not support Safari (unreliable implementations of necessary web APIs) and the generic android browser (unreliable implementations in general). Our webapp code, which includes any code written as configuration, is still ES5. Our exact support matrix (including older app versions) can be found [in our docs](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/blob/master/installation/supported-software.md).

Reviewer: Might be nice to put this in a new section, like "Supported Browsers", but ok to live here for now.

Author: I agree! I could create "Supported Browsers" and put it after Supported Operating Systems @abbyad ?

## Development Setup

Before getting started, read about our [development workflow](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/blob/master/development/workflow.md) and the [architecture overview](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/blob/master/development/architecture.md). With the setup instructions below the tools will run directly on your machine, rather than via Docker.

### Supported Operating Systems

Developers are actively using both Linux and MacOS, so both of those platforms are well supported for development. We don't support Windows out of the box. However, you can try using the Windows Subsystem for Linux. See the [Windows Subsystem for Linux notes](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/blob/master/development/using-windows.md) for how the installation instructions differ.

### Supported Browsers

> Currently, the latest versions of Chrome, Chrome for Android and Firefox are functionally supported. We do not support Safari (unreliable implementations of necessary web APIs) and the generic android browser (unreliable implementations in general). Our webapp code, which includes any code written as configuration, is still ES5. Our exact support matrix (including older app versions) can be found [in our docs](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/blob/master/installation/supported-software.md).

Author: Full disclosure, I'm not sure if this line is actually about a supported browser. I kind of suspect it isn't: 

> Our webapp code, which includes any code written as configuration, is still ES5. Our exact support matrix (including older app versions) can be found [in our docs](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/blob/master/installation/supported-software.md).

Reviewer: The first quoted sentence is fine, but the second is about supported releases. It can fit in with this sentence in the intro:
> For the latest changes and release announcements see our [release notes](). **The support matrix of releases can be found in [our docs]().**

Author: I've moved it there!

Reviewer: Looks good!

# Medic Mobile

> These instructions should help you get setup to run or develop on Medic Mobile's Core Framework. For latest changes and release announcements see our [release notes](https://github.com/medic/medic/tree/master/release-notes).

Reviewer: I think the "Core Framework" is in relation to the CHT, so perhaps something like this:
```suggestion
These instructions should help you get setup to run or develop on the Community Health Toolkit's Core Framework. For latest changes and release announcements see our [release notes](https://github.com/medic/medic/tree/master/release-notes).
```

Making this change may require other changes in the README though.
